Document polls. (#6746)
discord/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Poll.md

As an implementation detail, it currently starts at 1 for the first answer and goes up sequentially.
We recommend against depending on this sequence.

###### Poll Answer Object Structure

| Field       | Type                                                                                    | Description            |
|-------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| answer_id\* | integer                                                                                 | The ID of the answer   |
| poll_media  | [Poll Media Object](#DOCS_RESOURCES_POLL/poll-media-object-poll-media-object-structure) | The data of the answer |

### Poll Results Object

In a nutshell, this contains the number of votes for each answer.

Due to the intricacies of counting at scale, while a poll is in progress the results may not be perfectly accurate.
They usually are accurate, and shouldn't deviate significantly -- it's just difficult to make guarantees.

To compensate for this, after a poll is finished there is a background job which performs a final, accurate tally of votes.

> This tally has concluded once `is_finalized` is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tally concludes once `is_finalized` is `true`.
```

| me_voted | boolean | Whether the current user voted for this answer |

# Poll Endpoints

For creating a poll, see [Create Message](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/create-message). After creation, the poll message cannot be editted.

Apps are not allowed to vote on polls. No rights! :)

## Get Answer Voters % GET /channels/{channel.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object}/polls/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}/answers/{answer_id#DOCS_RESOURCES_POLL/poll-answer-object}

Get a list of users that voted for this specific answer.

###### Query String Params

| Field  | Type      | Description                           | Default |
|--------|-----------|---------------------------------------|---------|
| after? | snowflake | Get users after this user ID          | absent  |
| limit? | integer   | Max number of users to return (1-100) | 25      |

###### Response Body

| Field | Type                                              | Description                      |
|-------|---------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------|
| users | array of [user](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/user-object) | Users who created to this answer |

> ## Expire Poll % POST /channels/{channel.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object}/poll/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}/expire

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- ## Expire Poll % POST /channels/{channel.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object}/poll/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}/expire
+ ## Expire Poll % POST /channels/{channel.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object}/polls/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}/expire
```
